Planned:
========

1. Test Driven Cookbook Development using Dockers
2. Implementing the process of having pull request for changes
3. Make CloudFormation Template of Dev,QA, IQA and UAT
4. Automate the process of handling Vault key expiry
5. Build Plan for cookbook upload to AWS servers
6. POC to implement consistency between Chef Server and Stash
7. Move configurations into Env from recipes
8. System Architecture of machines
9. Improvising Monitoring using Zabbix or Nagios
10. AWS level monitoring using Cloudwatch and SNS
11. VZ level monitoring using platform offerings
12. Automate execution of custom scripts
13. Track and ensuring compliance
14. Maintain All server and environment details in Confluence
15. Consolidation of curl commands so that the testing can be done at Devops end to ensure application sanctity
16. Reduce Operations work by proactively automating the repetitive tasks and reduce TAT
17. Make Disaster Recovery artifacts versionable as much as possible and ensure DR process is consistently repeatable with minimal errors with high availability and fault tolerance
18. Enable chef to manage server.xml
19. Enable chef to manage haproxy server
20. POC to implement recipe for mysql user creation using vault
21. CI-CD Pipeline using Bamboo, Chef from Dev to QA
22. Centralized Log Management using ELK, Logstash
23. Static code Analysis for cookbooks
24. Benchmarking the Performance and continuous performance Monitoring 
25. Standardization of process across products/teams within Devops
26. Provisioning a way to track stash url from cookbooks and vice versa
27. Correct the environment and nodes mapping in QA, IQA and UAT
28. Reinstall Vault and ensure the management of the same
29. Automation of handling vault credentials expiry
30. Recipe for checking Data bag and Vault as a mock run before Prod activities
31. Automate environment and node inquiry
32. Bridge CI gap between AWS and VZ
33. Check the process id and process id temp file and deleted pid file if process is not running
34. RPM Creation Memory error has to be addressed.

Executed:
========
1.	For log sharing with restricted access, you can use either jenkins or bamboo to share logs remotely
